$nomention
$suppressErrors[Uh oh! This command may be broken/out dated, DM Riskeee (@boredolemet) using v!report and you may get a reward!]
$title[Hmmm, Heres a Fact!]
$color[C3B8A4]
$description[$randomText[The average person will spend six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green;A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100000 slices of bread;President Lyndon B Johnson owned a water surfing car;Cherophobia is the word for the irrational fear of being happy;You can hear a blue whales heartbeat from two miles away;Nearly 30000 rubber ducks were lost a sea in 1992 and are still being discovered today;The inventor of the frisbee was turned into a frisbee after he died(i know its kinda cursed);Subway footlongs arent always a foot long;One in three divorce filings include the word "Facebook";The world's largest pyramid isn't in Egypt;Yes, you *can* smell rain;A wild dog is the most successful predator;Medicine bottle foil seals exists because of poison;Tons of countries celebrate their independence from the UK;A US Park Ranger once got hit by lightning seven times;Water bottle expiration dates are for the bottle, not the water;South Koreans are four centimeters taller than North Koreans;The worlds most successful pirate was a woman;Milk wagons gave us roadway lines;Pandas fake pregnancy for better care;NASCAR drivers can lose up to 10 pounds in sweat due to high temperatures during races;Your funny bone is actually a nerve;Pineapples were named after pine cones;A California woman tried to sue the makers of CapNCrunch after she learned Crunch Berries were not real berries;CapNCrunchs full name is Horatio Magellan Crunch;Crocodiles are one of the oldest living species surviving for more than 200 million years;The cracking sound your joints make is the sound of gases being released;The largest snowflake on record was 15 inches wide;Scotland has more than 400 words for snow;A pig was once executed for murdering a child in France;Doritos are flammable and can be used as kindling;Flamin Hot Cheetos were invented by a janitor;McDonald’s once made bubblegum-flavored broccoli;The first oranges weren’t orange;Samsung tests phone durability with a butt-shaped robot;Peanuts aren’t technically nuts;Victorians once used leeches to predict the weather;The most requested funeral song in England is by Monty Python;Though less common than earthquakes, the moon actually has moonquakes, too. That's right. Moonquakes;You actually lose a large percentage of your taste buds while in an airplane. This might explain a lot about those less-than-stellar in-flight meals;Bees can sting other bees, usually if they feel threatened or are protecting their territory;Most people know dolphins have incredible sonar abilities. But did you know they were studied as war tools during the Cold War? They really are as smart as people say they are;Brendan Fraser almost died while filming The Mummy (he passed out while filming a scene);Will Ferrell consumed so much sugar while filming Elf that he actually became physically ill;The Hollywood sign in Los Angeles once said "Hollywoodland";Buzz Lightyear's original name is Lunar Larry;Iceland grows 5 centimeters per year because of its moving tectonic plates;Russia has a whopping 11 time zones within the country;The Sahara Desert can reach up to 136 degrees;Australia is wider than the moon;Vatican City is actually the smallest country in the world;Russia has more surface area than Pluto;The heart of a shrimp is located in its head. Weird, yet kind of cool;It takes a sloth two weeks to digest food;Crows can recognize human faces — and remember them for their entire lives;The name of a group of lemurs is (wait for it) a "conspiracy." Really;Believe it or not, wombats' poop is cube-shaped;A little gross, but also kind of funny: Lobsters pee out of their faces;Ready to have your mind blown? A blind chameleon can still adjust to the colors of its environment. The way it changes colors is because of its special cells, not eyesight;The world's longest concert lasted 453 hours;It takes 70 different pieces of wood to make up a violin, explaining why some of them are so expensive (one even sold for $16 million);All clownfish are born male. That explains Marlin and Nemo;A group of porcupines is called a prickle. How fitting;Abraham Lincoln was a successful competitive wrestler;Finland has more saunas than cars. Sounds like a pretty great place;Gatorade was invented at the University of Florida, named after the mascot of the school, the Gators;Volleyball and basketball were invented in Massachusetts;The heaviest onion ever grown was 17 pounds;The famous Sesame Street character Cookie Monster’s real name is Sid;If you play tennis at Wimbledon, swearing is not allowed. Therefore, judges have to learn swearwords in different languages;Ketchup was once sold as medicine to treat diarrhea and indigestion;In Switzerland, it's illegal to own just one guinea pig because they crave social interaction so much;Seven percent of American adults think chocolate milk comes from brown cows (spoiler: It does not);Only 5% of the ocean has been explored;The British royal family isn't allowed to play Monopoly because it gets too competitive;The Supreme Court has its own private basketball court called "the highest court in the land";More people are killed by vending machines than sharks;There's a town in Norway called Hell. Ironically, it never gets very warm there at all;Dolly Parton once entered a Dolly Parton lookalike contest ... and lost;Jennifer Lawrence has a tattoo that says "H2O" on her hand to remind her to drink water;Strawberries are not actually berries;Bananas are berries;You can eat the labels on fruit. They're totally edible... they just might not taste that good;White chocolate isn't actually of chocolate at all;Carrots were originally purple, not orange. You can still find delicious purple carrots around, though, even though they're not the most popular version;SPAM actually stands for spiced ham;Most countries don't refrigerate their eggs;Earwax is technically a form of sweat;Over the course of an average lifetime, most people will spend an entire year sitting on the toilet;You're taller in the morning than at night;The average adult human has 2000-4000 taste buds;Every two weeks, another language or dialect goes extinct;There are more than 200 languages that have been invented just for television or movies;Dogs' noses are like human fingerprints, each one is unique;Dolphins literally sleep with one eye open;Alfred Hitchcock was scared of... eggs;On the South Atlantic island of Tristan da Cunha, potatoes were once used as currency;Ice cream was once called “cream ice”;Apples float because they are one-quarter air;German Chocolate Cake is not from Germany. German is actually the last name of the man who invented a kind of baking chocolate (Sam German);There actually aren’t “57 varieties” of Heinz ketchup, and never were. Company founder H.J. Heinz thought his product should have a number, and he liked 57. Hint: Hit the glass bottle on the “57,” not the bottom, to get the ketchup to flow;The original name for the search engine Google was Backrub. It was renamed Google after the googol, which is the number one followed by 100 zeros;The platypus doesn’t have a stomach at all: Their esophagus goes straight to their intestines;Tigers’ skin is actually striped, just like their fur. Also, no two fur patterns are alike; Psycho was the first movie to show a toilet flushing;There are no muscles in your fingers: Their function is controlled by muscles in your palms and arms;The longest fingernails ever were over 28 feet in total. American Lee Redmond started growing them in 1979 and set the record in 2008. Sadly, she lost her nails in a car crash in 2009;The word “strengths” is the longest word in the English language with only one vowel;The dog ate John Steinbeck’s homework—literally. The author’s pup chewed up an early version of Of Mice and Men. “I was pretty mad, but the poor fellow may have been acting critically,” he wrote;Mr. Potato Head was the first toy to be advertised on TV;There is a McDonalds in every continent except Antarctica;Mosquitos are attracted to people who just ate bananas;The human nose can remember 50,000 different scents;Fish cough, mhm yep thats the fun fact;An ant’s sense of smell is stronger than a dog’s;Baked beans aren’t baked but stewed;Digging a hole to China is actually possible if you start in Argentina;Guy Fawkes is the reason men are called “guys”;Lizards communicate by doing push-ups;Squids can have eyes the same size as a volleyball;The average American will eat 35,000 cookies in their lifetime;.-. .. .--- --.. / --.- -.-. / ... --.- / .-. -... . -. --.. .. -..;my real name (re bot) is Mikey DeMarcus jr. the third].]
$footerIcon[$authorAvatar]
$footer[$username | $authorID]
